chore: bump version to v0.75.0 (#6714)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [0.75.0] - 2026-07-29
#### ✨ Highlights

> [`pixi publish`](https://pixi.prefix.dev/v0.75.0/build/workspace/#publishing-the-workspace) now publishes every workspace package that opts in, in dependency order, and refuses to publish a package whose source dependencies were left out. `--dry-run` prints the set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`pixi publish`](https://pixi.prefix.dev/v0.75.0/build/workspace/#publishing-the-workspace) now publishes every workspace package that opts in in dependency order. It also refuses to publish anything if a necessary source dependencies didn't opt into being published.
```

```toml title="packages/cpp_math/pixi.toml"
[package]
name = "cpp_math"
publish = true
```

> [Offline solves](https://pixi.prefix.dev/v0.75.0/reference/pixi_configuration/#offline) now only consider conda packages you already have, either in the package cache or on a local `file://` channel, so a solve that succeeds offline can also be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Offline solves](https://pixi.prefix.dev/v0.75.0/reference/pixi_configuration/#offline) now only consider conda packages you already have, either in the package cache or on a local `file://` channel.

That means that you can run `pixi update --offline` and it will resolve with the packages you have local on your machine.
```
